>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC]
Through the years,
I discovered hypnosis, and
I realized that there was
something to this.
A lot of people come to me
if they have an illness,
or they just want to find out
something about themselves.
The whole aim of the session
is to regress the client
and bring them to the
deepest level of trance,
and then access their
higher consciousness.
>> I'm told that I came
from Atlantis as well.
>> Most of the people walking
the planet today are actually
back again from these lifetimes
in Lemuria and Atlantis.
And we're really
back again now so we
can go through the
same thing again,
and we can do it differently
and finally release this trauma.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory, and we've got
an incredible program for you.
Sarah Breskman Cosme with
us-- a best selling author,
a master hypnotist.
And her mission is to reveal
hidden or undiscovered
knowledge vital to the
enlightenment of humanity
that's all of us.
Sarah, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME: Thank
you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in being a hypnotist?
>>COSME: Well, I just started
out with a lot of problems,
so I wanted to fix
myself basically.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>COSME: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: So you ended
up going to one?
>>COSME: I did.
And I went through
like a-- at first
I wanted to be a psychologist
when I wanted to fix myself.
And then through the years,
I discovered hypnosis.
And I realized that there
was something to this,
and that people could make
changes so much easier
with hypnosis.
>>NOORY: Did you fix yourself?
>>COSME: I did.
Before I did hypnosis and before
I got into any of this stuff,
I was overweight.
I had all kinds of
fears and phobias.
>>NOORY: You were overweight?
>>COSME: Mm-hmm.
I had all kinds of issues.
So basically, I got
into this to fix myself.
>>NOORY: Were you a
smoker, too, by any chance?
>>COSME: No.
I just had all
kinds of problems.
>>NOORY: Because it works
for that, too, doesn't it?
>>COSME: It does.
But essentially, I fixed myself
not just through hypnosis,
but understanding
that my thoughts
were creating my reality.
And once I understood that,
I could change my life.
>>NOORY: Now, how did the past
life regression come into this?
>>COSME: So I wanted to
become a psychologist.
That's what I wanted to do.
But throughout my
college training,
I felt as if there
was something missing
when I went into the
field and I tried
to use what I had learned.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>COSME: I felt almost as if
every single thing I learned
was a lie, because
none of the people
ever seemed to get better.
I was working as an
intern at a halfway house
for mentally ill people.
And my job was to give them
medication and counsel them.
And there were no
success stories.
In fact, some people
even got worse.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COSME: And I felt as
if the people were even
being tested upon by the
pharmaceutical industry.
So anyway, long story
short, I got into hypnosis.
And I at first started
with past life regression,
lose weight, and quit smoking.
But right away, I could tell
that past life regression
worked.
And so I delved deeper
into that method.
I first studied with
Dr. Brian Weiss.
And then I found--
>>NOORY: He's one of the best.
>>COSME: He is.
And he really is that sweet.
He's such a great teacher.
And then after having
studied with him,
I found Dolores Cannon.
>>NOORY: She was
one of the best.
I miss her.
>>COSME: Yeah.
She's fantastic.
And I worked my way up from
a level 1 to a level 3.
And then as a level
3 practitioner,
I traveled around the world
with her daughter, Julia Cannon,
assisting her in the classes
and teaching all over the world.
>>NOORY: Julia
still puts on events
after Dolores passed on
a couple of years ago.
And she keeps the
memory of her mother
out there for the public.
>>COSME: She does.
She does a very
good job of that.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about your clients.
I know we can't get into
specifics about who they
are, but let's use first names.
Tell me about Jen.
>>COSME: So I needed
a subject on the spot,
because I needed
somebody I could regress
to take this video submission
to my level 3 class, which
was going to be in Orlando.
And I live in Florida, so I
needed somebody right away.
And I wanted to
get somebody that
wasn't a paying client, but
somebody that would volunteer.
And for some reason,
I asked my friend Jen.
And I knew that she was not into
any of this spiritual stuff,
because I had known
her for 10 years.
And every day after school
we sat at the playground
and we talked.
Sometimes I would try to
bring up some spiritual stuff,
and she was not into that.
So when I asked her, I
kind of regretted it right
when I asked her.
Because I thought, why
did I just ask her?
>>NOORY: What did I say?
>>COSME: Yeah.
This is past life regression.
What is she going to say?
She's going to think I'm crazy.
And I said, Jen, would
you be my subject?
I need a subject.
It's really interesting.
You can find out
about your past lives.
You can even find out
who you really are,
your true purpose in this life.
And if you have any
physical issues,
you can even heal your body.
And she looked at me kind
of funny, and I thought,
oh, my gosh.
She's going to think I'm crazy.
Here I am talking about past
lives and doing this with her.
And she looked at me and she
said, that's what you do?
I've been looking for
something like this because--
>>NOORY: Cool.
>>COSME: Yeah.
Because she hadn't
told anybody, but she
had this brain condition
called pseudotumor cerebri.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>COSME: It's this
fluid that was
wrecking havoc in her brain.
And it was causing
all kinds of swelling.
She was working really closely
with this team of specialists
at--
>>NOORY: Is that dangerous?
Sounds like it.
>>COSME: Yes.
They told her that there
was a huge risk of a stroke.
And that if she wasn't
going to stay on this really
heavy-duty medication,
that she didn't really
have a chance at all.
She was given about 20 years.
And at the time, Jen was only
32, and so she was devastated.
She said, Sarah, I will
definitely be your subject.
I've been so depressed.
I haven't told
anybody about this--
>>NOORY: Oh, fantastic.
>>COSME: --and I'm on
all these medications.
>>NOORY: And, of course, you
videotape all your sessions,
and she was one of your first.
Let's see.
>>JEN: It was a tidal wave.
It was an atomic-type
device that they set off
in strategic places in
rifts under the ocean.
They do have devices that
operated like submarines.
And they placed them, acting
as they were our friends.
And then the wave came.
>>COSME: Tell me
about this wave.
>>JEN: At first, I
was with many others
on the beach looking at
where the water had gone.
We couldn't understand where
the water was pulling out from.
And fish were flopping, and
everyone was just standing
around looking, wondering.
And then I saw it.
Out of the corner of
my eye, I saw the wave.
>>COSME: You see the wave.
>>JEN: And it was massive.
It was the size of--
it's just you've never seen
anything so big in your life.
And there was a rock
cliff in front of me.
And I begin to climb as fast as
I can climb while everyone just
stands there frozen.
>>COSME: What about
your daughter?
>>JEN: She's not on the beach.
She's back at the palace.
>>COSME: And what happens next?
>>JEN: I make it to the top.
I am still running and
running and running.
They want to keep me alive.
They want me to see
their power and how
they could destroy
everything, as they told me
they would if I didn't
do what they wanted.
But I would not believe them.
I believed our numbers were
greater and we would win.
I had no idea.
My child was swept
into something,
and the back of her head was
impaled onto something sharp.
And that's how I
found her, face down
in the water with
something lodged
into the base of her skull.
>>COSME: So you found her.
When did you find her?
>>JEN: That was the
first place I ran.
I knew where she was.
I don't know why I was able
to outrun it and nobody else.
I feel like they almost put me
in like a bubble or something--
something that made me witness
it, but not really even get
my feet wet.
>>NOORY: Sarah, that's
an actual session.
That's not a
re-enactment, is it?
>>COSME: That's our
very first session.
And after this session, Jen went
back to her team of specialists
at the University of
Miami, and her tumor
had completely gone away.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>COSME: She was completely
healed after that session.
>>NOORY: Were you in shock?
>>COSME: Well, yeah.
I was in shock.
>>NOORY: I mean, you
know what you're doing.
But, I mean, to really see and
hear that these things work,
it's got to be amazing.
>>COSME: What we found out
was this information that she
had buried within
her subconscious
was so powerful that it
could help people heal.
And there have been people
that have actually healed just
from hearing this information.
>>NOORY: And you've done
a great job doing it.
You've got a similar client
after Jen that really
went through the same thing.
>>SPEAKER: You would
call it tsunami.
>>COSME: Mm-hmm.
Right.
>>SPEAKER: And
the water came in,
and it just pulled
everything out,
and there was really no warning.
I was with my baby,
but not my husband.
>>COSME: Why not your husband?
What happened to your husband?
>>SPEAKER: I saw him.
He drowned.
I saw him pass me.
>>COSME: Did you see
that before you passed?
>>SPEAKER: I did.
I did.
I was struggling to--
struggling to get my
head above the water.
But-- and I looked, and I
saw him floating past me,
and everybody and everything.
>>COSME: Everything.
>>SPEAKER: There
was so much water.
I knew that there was--
I just had to relax
and go with it.
>>COSME: So you
just had to allow
yourself to just go with it?
>>SPEAKER: Yes.
>>COSME: From your
perspective now
after having left
that body, can you
see what happened
to your island?
>>SPEAKER: It's just gone.
It was completely
covered, enveloped it,
and it's just gone, sunken.
>>COSME: It just sunk.
I see.
Where was it?
>>SPEAKER: Where
was it originally?
Oh, I-- looking at a map now, I
would say in the South Pacific.
>>NOORY: Tell me a little
bit about that client.
>>COSME: That client was
just another client just
like Jen who also had no
previous knowledge of Atlantis
or Lemuria.
In fact, when I was uncovering
all this stuff with Jen,
neither one of us knew anything
about Atlantis and Lemuria.
We were both just as
surprised as one another.
>>NOORY: Really?
Should be listening to
Coast to Coast radio.
>>COSME: Well, you
know, to be honest,
I had heard such different
stories about these places.
I had heard stories
about Atlantis
that sounded like Atlantis was
this beautiful society where
people were so
advanced spiritually.
>>NOORY: Well, that
could be the case, too.
>>COSME: It could be.
It seems like Atlantis lasted
for thousands of years.
But I was just supposed to
report on the very end time.
This interesting phenomenon
started happening in my office.
As I was uncovering
these memories with Jen,
so many people started coming
to my office recounting deep
under hypnosis--
>>NOORY: Similar things.
>>COSME: These same things.
And I thought it was
just a coincidence.
So I would ask my
other friends who
also do Dolores Cannon's
method of hypnosis
if this was the case for them?
And it was an over resounding
no, this is not a coincidence.
And then I realized
I was supposed
to uncover this information
and share it with the world.
>>NOORY: How did this
heal Jen specifically?
>>COSME: So the body
is just a messenger.
That's really what--
it's too bad we don't all
understand this.
But when we get an issue
like an illness or a disease
or any kind of pain,
it's just the body's way
of sending us a message.
And it's very easy when
you're going under hypnosis
to understand what
this message is.
And once the
message is heard, it
can instantly be
released and healed.
This is something that I hope
in the future we all understand.
>>NOORY: How long
does it take, Sarah,
to put somebody
under via hypnosis?
>>COSME: For Dolores
Cannon's method,
it takes about five hours.
>>NOORY: Five hours?
>>COSME: It's a
very long session.
>>NOORY: That's intense.
>>COSME: It is quite intense.
But it's so thorough.
You can find out
anything about yourself.
And most people use
this to heal themselves.
>>NOORY: How long does
it take to get them
into the hypnotic stage?
>>COSME: It's very, very easy--
not very long at all.
Probably maybe 30 minutes tops.
>>NOORY: 30 minutes.
And then once
they're in that mode,
you go for five hours with them?
>>COSME: Well, the whole
process takes about five hours.
In the beginning,
in a QHHT session,
you talk to the client for
about two, two and a half hours.
Then the actual hypnosis
part takes about two hours.
>>NOORY: Did you notice a
difference in the two people
personality-wise?
>>COSME: Oh, definitely.
And you know what's really
fascinating is QHHT, Dolores
Cannon's method, is different.
>>NOORY: What does
that stand for?
>>COSME: So it's Quantum
Healing Hypnosis Technique.
Dolores Cannon founded it after
four to five years of research.
But it's different than a
regular past life regression.
Because a regular
past life regression
is just regressing the
client under hypnosis
to recall a different lifetime.
But QHHT, Dolores
Cannon's method,
is different in that the aim--
the whole aim of the session
is to regress the client and
bring them to the deepest
level of trance, and then access
their all-knowing, all-loving
aspect of themselves-
the higher consciousness.
And in that way, you're
actually communicating
with universal knowledge,
universal consciousness.
>>NOORY: She developed
this technique, didn't she?
>>COSME: She did.
And she wrote 17 books
after she developed it.
And that's the method I use
to write my books as well.
>>NOORY: I used to
remember interviewing her
on our radio shows.
And she was just so calm
and collected, and really
knew her stuff, didn't she?
>>COSME: She really did.
She's just such
an amazing person.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved with her?
>>COSME: Well, like I said,
I was doing Dr. Brian Weiss's
method first.
And I felt like--
>>NOORY: But who found Dolores?
She found you, or you found her?
>>COSME: No.
I wanted to find something
that I felt like was missing.
I felt like there was
something missing in my life.
So I talked to this psychic.
And she said, oh, my gosh.
This is the easiest
reading I've ever done.
You're supposed to do
Dolores Cannon's method.
I had never heard of her.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>COSME: And the psychic said--
>>NOORY: Bingo.
>>COSME: Yeah.
This is the easiest reading.
You're going to
work your way up,
and you're going to do
really well in that method.
You're even going
to write books,
and you're going to speak
about your information
all over the world.
And I thought, oh, man.
This psychic is terrible.
She must have me confused
with somebody else.
But actually, she
was pretty good.
>>NOORY: Now.
When Jen told you she was
a commander on an ET craft,
what did you think?
There's something
wrong here or what?
>>COSME: Oh, my gosh.
So--
>>NOORY: And level with us here.
>>COSME: So after our very
first session that you just saw,
it was so surprising
to the both of us.
In her higher
consciousness that I
access as part of
a QHHT session,
I asked them why they
showed us this lifetime.
And they said, well,
this is our mission,
to uncover this information that
has been buried for thousands
and thousands of
years, to uncover it
all from the very beginning,
and to share it with the world
because the world needs it now.
So, of course, Jen
and I were wanted
to work together again and
uncover this information.
So I told her higher self,
her higher consciousness,
let's start from the beginning,
the very beginning of the story
that you want to share with us.
>>NOORY: Oh, and
here it comes, right?
>>COSME: And I
thought it was going
to be the beginning of
her lifetime in Lemuria
where she was a child.
I figured we're going to start--
>>NOORY: Wrong.
Wrong.
>>COSME: Definitely wrong.
We didn't go to that
lifetime at all.
Instead, the second
session started out
where Jen's remembering
coming to Earth
as an extraterrestrial,
crash landing on Earth
for the very first time.
Now, this is somebody--
just so you know--
who did not believe
in extraterrestrials.
She had a much different
appreciation for them
after this session.
>>NOORY: And when do you
think this crash occurred,
if you were to date it?
>>COSME: So it's so fascinating.
Because it seems
as if this is-- we
have been told so
many different things
about our history, our origins.
It seems as if there were
many extraterrestrial crashes,
all for the same purpose of
helping to seed this Earth.
And so--
>>NOORY: Like it
crashed on purpose?
>>COSME: They
crashed on purpose,
but they didn't
know it at the time.
They were intentionals.
>>NOORY: Like Roswell--
that kind of situation?
>>COSME: They were intentional
crashes from memories
that my clients share when
they're deep under hypnosis.
They remember that what caused
the crash were their breathing
mechanisms.
The breathing mechanisms on
their crafts were failing.
All clients expressed
the same issue.
And so they were
forced to crash.
They found out later after they
had left their life that it
was an intentional crash.
And the reason it was
a one-way mission.
They didn't know it at the time.
>>NOORY: On one of
our Gaia programs
Matias De Stefano talked
about Atlantis and past life
experiences.
His show is called "Initiation."
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO:
The Atlantean people,
what we used to call
Khef, or Khefian.
They were the sons
of the first mixed
between those people
coming from the stars,
and those people from Earth.
Humans and the Aessir
that you may know,
like Anunnaki, were the
first ones to be engaged
and to make a kind
of civilization.
So the first humans
created as we
know them today were sons and
daughters of them in the Middle
East.
All the creation of Atlantis
was around 16,000 BC,
in between 4,000 to 5,000
years before Atlantis
began as a
civilization, the Aessir
were testing to see if
their DNA from the stars
was able to be readapted
in this planet.
>>NOORY: Sarah, why do you
think Atlantis was so advanced?
>>COSME: Oh, so glad you
asked me that question.
Well, the founder of Atlantis
was an extraterrestrial
who crash-landed his ship in
the Utah area in a quarry.
>>NOORY: In Utah?
>>COSME: Mm-hmm.
In a quarry.
You could probably still find
it because of the technology
that they used.
And he took whatever
technology he could salvage
from his ship-- it
wasn't that much,
and it wasn't enough for him
to contact his home planet.
But he took this
technology, and he
went through one of the
ancient transport devices,
the stone circles that you
see at Stonehenge are what
they used to use those for.
So he took his
technology, and he
went through this
ancient transport devices
and went to where you
would call Atlantis now.
And when he arrived
there, he luckily
found some leftover technology
from an earlier grouping
of colonists.
And so that's why Atlantis is
so advanced, because it was
extraterrestrial technology.
>>NOORY: Was it mixed
with ETs and humans?
>>COSME: When the
founder arrived,
he took those humans
that had been free
for thousands and
thousands of years
and had a beautiful society, and
he created human hybrid slaves
with them.
And he used them
to create Atlantis.
He made Atlantis in the image of
what he had on his home planet,
because he couldn't
get back home.
He couldn't contact
his home planet.
And he wanted to get back what
he had on his home planet.
I have so many clients
regress that go back
to these other planets--
>>NOORY: And they all go
right back to that point.
>>COSME: Or that point, yes.
And so some of my
clients that go back
to these other planets,
or a parallel life
that they experience, they
see that it's so advanced
and it looks like Atlantis.
So there was a reason why
Atlantis looked the way it did.
>>NOORY: I had heard
mermaids may have
originated from Atlantis, too.
Is that true?
>>COSME: Definitely.
There were so many mermaids
on and near Atlantis
during this time before the last
founder arrived on Atlantis.
The Mer people and the
humans used to do trades,
and it was a beautiful
society on Atlantis
before this founder
came-- this last founder.
>>NOORY: Did you ever have
a past life there, Sarah?
>>COSME: I did have a
past life in Atlantis,
which was really interesting.
Because as part of the
classes that I help teach,
people practice on
me and regress me.
And one of the students
there was practicing on me,
and I was regressed
to a time period
where I lived in Atlantis.
>>NOORY: I'm told by
some hypnotherapist
that I came from
Atlantis as well.
Is that possible?
>>COSME: Most of the
people, believe it or not--
>>NOORY: Did you know me then?
>>COSME: I don't know.
Who knows?
Maybe that's why
we know each other.
>>NOORY: You never know.
>>COSME: Most of the people
walking the planet today
are actually back again
from these lifetimes
in Lemuria and Atlantis.
Because after those
civilizations were destroyed,
there was so much karma, so
much trauma to be accounted for,
that we needed to figure out
when we would come back again.
And the time is right now.
That's why so many
people around us
today are triggered
by current events.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's true.
Now, tell me the difference
between Atlantis and Lemuria.
>>COSME: So Lemuria was founded
by another extraterrestrial who
crash-landed.
>>NOORY: A different person--
a different entity or whatever
we call them, right?
>>COSME: Totally different.
Mm-hmm.
But it wasn't advanced
with their technology,
because they didn't
have the technology.
Atlantis was only advanced
with their technology
because the founder
was lucky enough
to have found some
ancient technology left
from some other
extraterrestrials.
And he was able to use
that to create Atlantis.
But Lemuria was not advanced
in their technology.
They were, however,
advanced spiritually.
>>NOORY: Did they get
along with the Atlanteans?
>>COSME: From what I've
heard from multiple clients,
the Atlanteans visited Lemuria.
And the reason why
they visited Lemuria--
>>NOORY: No wars there
or anything like that?
>>COSME: There was a war.
>>NOORY: That's what I heard.
>>COSME: Yeah.
So what happened was
Atlantis was dealing
with a very deadly virus.
And this virus was wreaking
havoc on their land.
>>NOORY: It sounds
familiar, doesn't it?
>>COSME: There's a reason
why it sounds familiar.
Because so many of us are back
again wanting to use these
triggers so we can finally
release this trauma
after thousands and
thousands of years.
But the Atlanteans
had this virus,
and it was a deadly virus.
And so many of my clients, when
they're deep under hypnosis,
they'll recount that Atlantis
had this type of smog,
that they couldn't really
see the sun, not every day.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>COSME: And the reason for
that was because they were
burning the bodies in Atlantis.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
They had to.
>>COSME: They had to.
So the Atlanteans
went to Lemuria
because the Lemurians
had a type of immunity.
>>NOORY: And they were close
by to each other in proximity,
weren't they?
>>COSME: Well, not so much.
Atlantis, from what I've
learned from my clients,
seemed to have spanned from
Europe to North America,
and then from North
America to Western Africa.
>>NOORY: Atlantis was the
bigger continent, right?
>>COSME: It was humongous.
If you were to look at Atlantis
from my clients' perspectives
as they're leaving
their bodies, they
would say that the
globe and the map
looked so different back then.
Because there was water and
coastlines in different areas.
The North Africa area was almost
like a lone sandbar that would
go from the Sphinx to Atlantis.
The Sphinx was the
outpost of Atlantis,
but it wasn't created
by the Atlanteans.
It was actually created from
an earlier group of colonies.
>>NOORY: It's much
older than people think.
>>COSME: Much older
than people think.
It's one of the
most original things
that we have on our planet.
>>NOORY: So, Sarah, tell us
where exactly was Lemuria?
>>COSME: Lemuria was located
in the South Pacific.
It encompassed Easter Island.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>COSME: And it stretched
all the way to South America.
>>NOORY: South Pacific, huh?
>>COSME: And what
was interesting--
>>NOORY: Bali Hai.
>>COSME: Yeah.
And what was interesting
was that the Lemurians
had a special type of immunity.
They would have issues
with childbirth and pain,
but they wouldn't get
viruses or get sick.
And the Atlanteans had really
high developed technology.
So they were spying
on the Lemurians
because they noticed this.
They noticed they had a
specific type of immunity.
But the Lemurians couldn't
give this immunity to anybody.
It was a gift from the stars,
from their star ancestors,
from their star people.
So they couldn't
give it to anybody.
But the Atlanteans demanded
this technology, this immunity.
And when they
wouldn't agree, they
took the princess as a
prisoner, and killed everyone
by using atomic-type devices.
And they created this
massive tidal wave
that completely sunk Lemuria.
And so many of my clients
would come in and share stories
about this horrific wave.
>>NOORY: Sarah, on Gaia's "Open
Minds with Regina Meredith,"
Tom T. Moore talked about many
of his past lives in Atlantis.
It's an amazing story.
>>TOM T. MOORE: Did I ever
have a life on Lemuria?
And Theo said, ah, Tom.
Now, when he says that, I'm
going to hear something.
He said, you helped
destroy the continent.
So it turned out that I was
a religious leader in one
of the five countries.
And we really were
getting warlike.
And we had developed the
equivalent of the hydrogen
bombs, OK?
And so we didn't think
these other two countries
had developed hydrogen bombs.
And so I encouraged them,
oh, yeah, let's go ahead
and attack them.
And so we did.
But they did have,
and they retaliated
with their own hydrogen bombs.
So that's what broke
that continent up.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Well--
>>MOORE: And it took me 85 or
87 lives to balance that one.
I consider it my
worst life on Earth.
>>MEREDITH: Mm-hmm.
Oh, we, all have screw-ups.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MOORE: Yeah.
Oh, that was the major one.
>>MEREDITH: So you're
saying 7,500 years ago,
this would have occurred?
>>MOORE: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: And so
if you're saying--
then what would the implication
have been with 170-foot tidal--
essentially, rise of
sea level at that time?
>>MOORE: Again-- and this
is why-- people say, well,
why don't we have
records of all this?
It's because we've had three
times in our history 160, 41,
and 170 feet where the oceans
rose and drowned people
all over the world,
wiped out cities--
all the cities, towns,
villages that were
on the coasts of the world,
and all their records
and everything were
all completely--
>>MEREDITH: Buried in mud.
>>MOORE: --completely
wiped away.
>>MEREDITH: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Regina is looking
at Tom T. Moore going,
I don't know about this story.
What do you think of him?
>>COSME: Well, it's interesting
when he talked about the bombs.
That was really
interesting, because that's
what the Atlanteans
used when they blew up,
or when they sent--
>>NOORY: You got that
corroboration and knowledge.
>>COSME: But put it
in rifts in the ocean
to create that huge tidal wave.
>>NOORY: Tsunamis.
>>COSME: The tsunami.
Yeah.
Exactly, which is fascinating,
because I never researched
anything, and I haven't
seen Matias either.
All my information I get only
from my hypnosis subjects.
>>NOORY: How many clients have
you put under, basically--
>>COSME: Oh, gosh.
I have no idea.
>>NOORY: --and they've talked
about Atlantis and Lemuria?
Many of them?
>>COSME: Multiple clients.
I really don't know how
many, but it was so many
that I knew there was a reason
why they were all coming.
>>NOORY: Is it conceivable,
Sarah, that most of us
originated from those
areas years ago?
And we're talking, what?
50,000 years ago, maybe?
>>COSME: It seems as if Lemuria
was about 25,000 years ago.
And I'm not sure if we
originated from these places.
But most of us have had
lifetimes in these places
during these times,
especially the end of times
during these civilizations.
>>NOORY: Why can't
we get the technology
and go find these continents
at the bottom of the ocean?
>>COSME: I'm sure you can.
Because there is the
Bermuda Triangle,
where the capital
of Atlantis was.
And some of their technology
is still located down
underneath the ocean.
But Lemuria was completely sunk.
>>NOORY: Is that why we
have problems in Bermuda
at the Bermuda Triangle?
There's something there,
some kind of energy force
that is still affecting
boats and planes?
>>COSME: Definitely.
The energy can
still be felt. Even
if you go in the ocean
near these places,
the energy is still there.
>>NOORY: So when you were
there, what was your role?
>>COSME: So when I lived in
Atlantis, my role was a judge.
>>NOORY: You were a judge?
>>COSME: My role was a judge.
Because during this time,
there was the deadly virus
in Atlantis.
But they had
developed a vaccine.
And at first it seemed like
this vaccine was a huge success.
It was like a slit in the arm.
>>NOORY: This is getting scary.
>>COSME: I know.
And animal DNA was placed in.
And then a putty-like
substance would go over it.
And it was such a huge
success that everybody
was able to come out
of the quarantine.
People stopped dying.
There were no more
bodies being burnt.
And everybody was
extremely happy
until the first set
of babies started
being born with
horrific side effects
from these vaccine side effects.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>COSME: And so the babies
were born with different animal
parts.
Like some people had animal
DNA that looked like cat-like--
they had cat-like features.
>>NOORY: They are
called what, chimeras,
when they're half animal, half
human, or something like that?
>>COSME: Exactly.
And they had all
different kinds of issues.
>>NOORY: So human beings
would be born with animal body
parts--
>>COSME: You can still--
>>NOORY: --like a pig snout
or something like that?
>>COSME: Not a
pig snout, per se.
But like animal parts like
cat-like features, gills,
tails, extra nipples.
You can still--
>>NOORY: On humans?
>>COSME: You can still
see this running slightly
through our genes even today.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
>>COSME: You can see people born
with gills and extra nipples,
and everything like that.
>>NOORY: So science that
went awry at that time.
>>COSME: The science
went awry, unfortunately.
>>NOORY: And you were a judge.
>>COSME: I was a judge.
And my job was to
decide who would stay
and who would go in Atlantis.
Because--
>>NOORY: And when
you say go, go where?
>>COSME: So what I was told
when I was working in Atlantis
was that these people,
these children that
were born with these side
effects, some of them
would grow up and they
would become violent.
And they were taken
to this other island
where they were given
food and different care.
And my job was to decide
who would stay in Atlantis--
>>NOORY: Or who would
go to this island.
>>COSME: Or who
I didn't know that--
>>NOORY: Wow.
You played the role
of God, didn't you?
>>COSME: I think I have
some karma to account for.
So here I am back again
trying to help people.
But I didn't know that
they were being killed
when they got to the island.
>>NOORY: Who was killing them?
>>COSME: So unfortunately--
>>NOORY: And you
didn't know this?
>>COSME: Uh-uh.
I didn't know this.
I would send thousands
of people to this island.
And they were-- it was
actually a death camp.
They were being killed.
They were being
slaughtered, basically.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>COSME: And I can't tell
you how many clients I've
had that remember this island.
I don't even know if it
was ever used for what
it was supposed to be used for.
>>NOORY: And how did
you find this out?
In hypnotherapy on yourself?
>>COSME: So I found out that
I was a judge because somebody
was regressing me.
And I thought it
was so fascinating
just to be in Atlantis.
I had no idea why I even
lived in the Florida Keys.
But the reason I live
in the Florida Keys
is because I'm the closest
point to where I actually
died in that lifetime.
Because the island--
>>NOORY: How did you die?
>>COSME: --is located so close.
I died from a heart attack.
My heart gave out, because
I couldn't handle--
>>NOORY: From the stress.
>>COSME: --what happened
to these people.
I was so upset when I found out.
And I tried to tell as
many people as I could.
But at that point,
it was too late.
I just died of a broken heart.
>>NOORY: How many of
these people did you
sentence to die not knowing?
>>COSME: Probably thousands.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>COSME: And children
were being taken away
from their parents who have
these horrible side effects.
>>NOORY: Is Sasquatch,
Bigfoot, the remnants
of some of those
entities and beings?
>>COSME: That's quite possible.
But I've also heard
that Sasquatch actually
is more native to the
Earth than human beings.
Human beings have been--
according to my subjects
under hypnosis, human beings
have been brought here
from other planets.
We're directly--
>>NOORY: Or seeded.
>>COSME: Yeah.
We are directly linked
to extraterrestrials.
So our origins are
actually from the stars.
>>NOORY: How did they
eradicate this virus?
>>COSME: So they never did.
They never eradicated it.
At this point--
>>NOORY: These are lessons
for us to learn today,
aren't there?
>>COSME: Well, at
first it seemed
like they could go
back into trials
and they tried again
with the vaccine.
But it still didn't work.
It still created
horrific side effects.
Apparently, according
to some of my clients,
the third try was the charm.
But see, what we really
need to understand
is that these children that
were born with the side effects,
they had major, major abilities.
So what is considered
a side effect--
even now, if you think about
what's going on in our life now
were side effects--
>>NOORY: They were gifted?
>>COSME: They were
extremely gifted.
If you look at our life
now, with like, say, ADHD
or something like
that, that might
be considered a disability.
But according to clients
deep under hypnosis,
this is not a disability at all.
This is a huge
ability, that people
with ADHD and
different disabilities
are often underlooked.
Because a person with something
like a disability like
ADHD, not trying to
belittle disabilities.
But somebody with ADHD can--
if a teacher is saying,
look at this box.
The child can see like outside
the box, around the box, even--
>>NOORY: They have
incredible memory.
They can--
>>COSME: They can focus--
>>NOORY: --read the phone book
and remember phone numbers.
Of course, do they make
phone books anymore?
I don't even know that.
>>COSME: Just like the savants.
They obviously have
an ability, and it's
considered a disability.
They've actually opened
a channel in their mind.
That's such a huge ability.
So this was happening
in Atlantis.
They started to realize
that the children that
were born with the vaccine side
effects had amazing ability.
>>NOORY: And what
percent of people
were being born
with side effects?
>>COSME: Most of the people
had some slight side effect.
>>NOORY: Something.
So they really screwed up when
they came up with that vaccine?
>>COSME: It was unbelievable
what happened in their society.
>>NOORY: They cured the virus--
>>COSME: They cured the virus.
>>NOORY: --but created
a different issue.
>>COSME: Exactly.
But we were supposed
to learn from this.
Everything in this universe
has a divine purpose.
We were supposed to understand
not to be so judgmental,
and to understand that there's
a divine presence in everything.
So the abilities that
these children had
were actually that these
children with the side effects
could read crystals.
They could tap into ley lines.
And they could find out all this
information that regular people
that were untouched by
these side effects couldn't.
And I think it's
really important
to understand that
there are so many things
considered disabilities that
are actually abilities even now.
It's one of the lessons I think
we need to learn from Atlantis.
>>NOORY: Have we learned them?
>>COSME: I think we're learning.
I think right now we're
doing a great job.
The fact that we've come so
full circle to where we are now
means that we're evolving.
This is exciting, because we're
doing things so much different
now than we did in Atlantis.
Before, in Atlantis, we
just killed everybody.
We just decided that
if you're different,
you don't belong here.
But now we're learning.
We're developing our compassion
right alongside our technology.
I think we're exactly
where we're supposed to be,
at least that's what my clients
deep under hypnosis have said.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
your latest book, Sarah.
>>COSME: My latest book is
called "A Hypnotist's Journey
to the Secrets of the Sphinx."
The one I was just
talking about is
called "A Hypnotist's
Journey to Atlantis."
>>NOORY: Now, when
you write these books,
do you go into a
different mode in order
to get the information?
>>COSME: So what's
different about me
is I don't research anything.
And I also only use
clients or subjects
that don't know
anything consciously
about any of this information.
That's really the only way I
can keep this information valid.
So I can't use somebody that
already has previous knowledge
of any of this stuff.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able
to trust the information.
>>NOORY: Matias talks about
the possibility of Atlantis
and how it just fell apart.
>>DE STEFANO: Atlantis has
this shift in their politics
that was not connecting everyone
as one, but to rule them all
and be together.
By this control that they tried
to hold around the planet,
they forgot how to be
connected to the planet.
So the planets start to
protect themself-- itself--
from the consciousness
of civilization.
So that made that
every node as a flower
start to close and go
down to the inner world.
So the inner world start to
hold the energy of the planet,
and the outer world was not
able to get that information
anymore.
And that made that
all the books melted.
It created a new heat era that
the planet-- the Ice Age ended.
And then all this water that
was held into the libraries
start to go out from
the Northern Sea,
from the Baltic Sea,
from the Bering Sea.
All this water started to
come down to the oceans.
And that's what you
mostly remember.
And that brought a war--
a war in between colonies to see
which one would be the next one
to rule the world.
So that's why Atlantis
made-- blew up
the pyramids of
some other places,
so they couldn't
have the control.
So by good politics,
Egypt was one
of the only colonies that
allows Atlantean people to come
and not fight them.
So that's why they recreated
this civilization like Atlantis
in the River Nile.
>>NOORY: What lessons
can we learn, Sarah,
from the Atlanteans
and the Lemurians?
>>COSME: I think that so many of
us walking the planet right now
have memories of this,
and we're not alone.
But I think what we
can learn is really
to understand that we can
develop our technology right
along with our compassion and
our ability to communicate
with one another,
and to understand
how to balance ourselves with a
masculine and feminine energy.
Even what he was talking
about with Atlantis
and the control,
the domination, I
think that's something that
we're starting to understand
and trying to move
through, where we're
trying to rebalance
our society right now,
and not just be one
side or the other.
Because in Atlantis,
they thought
they could control basically
by keeping knowledge
from the people.
And people are really so
powerful, the true origins
of humanity has
really been suppressed
for thousands of years.
And people are so
powerful and so creative,
if they really understood
who they really
were, they would have a much
different understanding of what
they could do with their lives.
>>NOORY: Sarah, they say
that history repeats itself.
Are we going through
the same things
that they did back
thousands of years ago?
>>COSME: Luckily, it's
not exactly the same.
But we're going
through a lot that's
definitely triggering us.
There's a lot of
people that do remember
having a past life
in Atlantis that
feel extremely triggered
by what's going on now.
Because there's a
part of them that
feels as if they've
done this before,
and it didn't quite
work out very well.
But the fact is that we're
doing so much better.
>>NOORY: Do they get a
second time-- another chance?
>>COSME: Well, karma
is not a punishment.
Karma is just a chance
to do things differently.
>>NOORY: It can be a punishment.
>>COSME: It can be.
>>NOORY: If you're an evil
person, karma can bite you.
>>COSME: But really, we
have this second chance.
We're all back again so we
can do things differently.
And we're really
back again now, so we
can go through the
same thing again,
and we can do it
differently, and finally
release this trauma.
Because this trauma was
so great for all of us.
We had to find a
way to release it
so that we could move past it.
>>NOORY: As you
continue to see clients,
are you shocked by some of
the things they tell you
under hypnosis?
>>COSME: I wish I
could be shocked, but--
>>NOORY: Not anymore?
>>COSME: I think
the biggest thing--
the biggest message
that I keep hearing
from different
higher consciousness
is just that it's really time
for us to understand who we are
and why we're here,
and to understand
the secrets of the universe.
And the secrets of
the universe really
are that the truth of everything
is that life is just a game.
And that this game has
been going on for longer
than human beings
can fully understand
in the aspect of time.
We're all just this part of an
ancient grouping of beings that
have traveled from
planet to planet to see
what the next will bring,
so that we may never
stop evolving, and we
never have to be alone.
>>NOORY: Life might be a dream,
but we want-- and a game.
But we want to win it, don't we?
>>COSME: Yeah.
Let's win this game, George.
>>NOORY: How do people
get your book, Sarah?
>>COSME: They can
get it on Amazon.
They can get it
in Audible, also.
>>NOORY: And what's
your website?
>>COSME:
Theholistichypnotist.com.
>>NOORY: And you enjoy
doing what you're doing?
>>COSME: I have a passion
for doing what I'm doing.
I really want to help people
understand who they are
and why they're here.
>>NOORY: And when
clients come to you,
what makes them come to
you in the first place?
>>COSME: A lot of
people come to me
if they have an issue
like an illness,
or they just want to find out
something about themselves.
Because it's so easy
when you go deep under
hypnosis to really
focus in on yourself,
and find out so many
things about yourself
and heal your body.
>>NOORY: If we had
more time I'd say,
put me under and
let's see what I say.
>>COSME: How do you
know I didn't already?
>>NOORY: Maybe you did.
Sarah, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>COSME: Thank you very
much for having me.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing story
of how people under hypnosis
talk about their past lives.
And in this
particular case, they
went back thousands of years.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]